Congratulations on finishing the programming for data science Nanodegree program.
You now have a strong foundation in Python programming,
SQL, and are familiar with foundation concepts like Shell and Git.
None of these are small accomplishments in themselves.
Taken together, you have demonstrated not just that you can learn difficult concepts,
but that you have the grid persistent and
ability to overcome frustrating moments in programming.
You should feel really proud of yourself.
Take the time to celebrate this accomplishment.
You're now well positioned for a next sequence of courses in data science.
The data analysts Nanodegree and data scientists Nanodegree.
We have provided the links for you below.
Well done. Congratulations.